Work Experience (40%)
Relevance of Experience (20%): How closely the experience aligns with the job requirements.
Quantifiable Achievements (10%): Demonstrating results and impact through numbers and metrics.
Use of Action Verbs (10%): Showcasing initiative and responsibility using strong action verbs.
Skills (30%)
Relevance to Job Description (20%): Matching the skills listed in the job description.
Diversity of Skills (10%): Possessing a variety of relevant skills (technical, soft skills).
Education (15%)
Relevance of Education (10%): Aligns with the required educational background for the job.
Additional Sections (15%)
Certifications and Awards (10%): Relevant certifications and awards that enhance candidacy.
Projects and Publications (5%): Demonstrating relevant skills and experience through projects or publications (if applicable).
Reduced Emphasis:

Resume Parsing and Basic Information (5%) - Focuses on ensuring basic information is present, not weighted heavily for matching.
Contact Information: Still important, but less relevant for initial matching.
Professional Summary: Can be helpful but may not directly address job requirements.
Grammar and Spelling (5%) - Remains crucial, but minor errors might be overlooked during initial screening.
Formatting and Readability (5%) - Similar to grammar, a well-formatted resume is preferred but less critical for matching.
Clear Structure: Essential for readability but not the primary focus for initial matching.
Visual Appeal: While important for a polished resume, less crucial for immediate job description relevance.

Give the score of the above provided resume based on the above job description and resume match scoring system. The input will be a dictionary with keys as the components and values as the scores. The output should be the total score and individual score of the resume.

The output should be a dictionary with keys as the components and values as the scores. The total score should be rounded to the nearest integer.
like :
compenents = {
    "Resume Parsing and Basic Information": 10,
    "Work Experience": 30,
    "Skills": 20,
    "Education": 10,
    "Grammar and Spelling": 10,
    "Formatting and Readability": 10,
    "Additional Sections": 10
}

Never give full marks for the components .